Fix broken links to 0x05|6c-Reverse-Engineering-and-Tampering.md (#2616)
OWASP/owasp-mastg: tests/ios/MASVS-PLATFORM/MASTG-TEST-0059.md

2. Background the application by hitting the **Home** button on your iOS device.
3. Verify that a default image is shown as the top view element instead of the view containing the sensitive information.

> If required, you may also collect evidence by performing steps 1 to 3 on a jailbroken device or a non-jailbroken device after [repackaging the app with the Frida Gadget](../../../techniques/ios/MASTG-TECH-0079.md). After that, connect to the iOS device [per SSH](../../../Document/0x06b-iOS-Security-Testing.md#accessing-the-device-shell) or [by other means](../../../Document/0x06b-iOS-Security-Testing.md#host-device-data-transfer) and navigate to the Snapshots directory. The location may differ on each iOS version but it's usually inside the app's Library directory. For instance, on iOS 14.5 the Snapshots directory is located at:

Reviewer: Let's also fix the 0x06b links

```suggestion
If required, you may also collect evidence by performing steps 1 to 3 on a jailbroken device or a non-jailbroken device after [repackaging the app with the Frida Gadget](../../../techniques/ios/MASTG-TECH-0079.md). After that, connect to the iOS device [per SSH](../../../techniques/ios/MASTG-TECH-0052.md "Accessing the Device Shell") or [by other means](../../../techniques/ios/MASTG-TECH-0053.md "Host-Device Data Transfer") and navigate to the Snapshots directory. The location may differ on each iOS version but it's usually inside the app's Library directory. For instance, on iOS 14.5 the Snapshots directory is located at:
```
